.. _category:

Category
========

.. table::
   :class: datatable

   ===============================================  ===============================================================================================================================================================================================  ==================================================================================  ==================================================
   Name                                             Description                                                                                                                                                                                      ID                                                                                  ParentID
   ===============================================  ===============================================================================================================================================================================================  ==================================================================================  ==================================================
   Compute                                          High-performance computing resources and scalable cloud compute capacity for demanding job processes.                                                                                            category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute                               supercategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures
   Data Storage                                     Reliable, secure and scalable cloud storage for scientific data, apps and workloads.                                                                                                             category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage                          supercategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures
   Instrument & Equipment                           Access to instruments and equipment.                                                                                                                                                             category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment              supercategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures
   Material Storage                                 Access to biological, chemical, historical, archeological, cultural, etc. storage. Includes the acquisition, preparation and processing of samples and materials in view of their preservation.  category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage                      supercategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures
   Network                                          Ultra-fast connectivity and ubiquitous access to eInfrastructures' resources and services.                                                                                                       category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network                               supercategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures
   Aggregators & Integrators                        Thematic, Regional and other Aggregators & Integrators.                                                                                                                                          category-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators                    supercategory-aggregators_and_integrators
   Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             category-other-other                                                                supercategory-other
   Data Analysis                                    Processes for data with the goal of discovering useful information, informing conclusions, and supporting decision-making.                                                                       category-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis                                      supercategory-processing_and_analysis
   Data Management                                  Robust, feature-rich and user-friendly data management services.                                                                                                                                 category-processing_and_analysis-data_management                                    supercategory-processing_and_analysis
   Measurement & Materials Analysis                 Processess and techiques for material analysis, characterisation and monitoring.                                                                                                                 category-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis                 supercategory-processing_and_analysis
   Operations & Infrastructure Management Services  Services for monitoring, scaling, creating, tracking and automating operations on infrastructures and services.                                                                                  category-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services  supercategory-security_and_operations
   Security & Identity                              Protect infrastructure and manage user identities and access against advanced threats across devices, data, apps, etc.                                                                           category-security_and_operations-security_and_identity                              supercategory-security_and_operations
   Applications                                     End-user applications offered-as-a-service or deployed-on-demand.                                                                                                                                category-sharing_and_discovery-applications                                         supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Data                                             Vast range of datasets to facilitate research and scientific activities.                                                                                                                         category-sharing_and_discovery-data                                                 supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Development Resources                            Developer tools, development kits, libraries, APIs.                                                                                                                                              category-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources                                supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Samples                                          Collection, preparation and delivery of biological, chemical, environmental or other samples.                                                                                                    category-sharing_and_discovery-samples                                              supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Scholarly Communication                          Research findings available to the wider academic community and beyond.                                                                                                                          category-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication                              supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Software                                         Software, platforms and tools offered-as-a-service or deployed-on-demand.                                                                                                                        category-sharing_and_discovery-software                                             supercategory-sharing_and_discovery
   Consultancy & Support                            Dedicated professional support for a wide range of scientific disciplines and research activities.                                                                                               category-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support                               supercategory-training_and_support
   Education & Training                             Highly-specialized seminars and courses to help advance research knowledge and sharpen scientific skills.                                                                                        category-training_and_support-education_and_training                                supercategory-training_and_support
   ===============================================  ===============================================================================================================================================================================================  ==================================================================================  ==================================================