.. _funding_body:

FUNDING BODY
============

==========================  =====================================================================================================  ==============
ID                          Name                                                                                                   Description
==========================  =====================================================================================================  ==============
funding_body-ademe          Agency for Environment and Energy Management (ADEME)                                                   France
funding_body-af             Arcadia Fund                                                                                           Czechia
funding_body-ahrc           Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC)                                                            United Kingdom
funding_body-aka            Academy of Finland (AKA)                                                                               Finland
funding_body-ancs           National Authority for Scientific Research (ANCS)                                                      Romania
funding_body-anr            French National Research Agency (ANR)                                                                  France
funding_body-apvv           Research and Development Agency (APVV)                                                                 Slovakia
funding_body-arc            Australian Research Council (ARC)                                                                      Australia
funding_body-arrs           Slovenian Research Agency (ARRS)                                                                       Slovenia
funding_body-awi            Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research (AWI)                                           Germany
funding_body-bbsrc          Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC)                                         United Kingdom
funding_body-bf             Belmont Forum (BF)
funding_body-bmbf           Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF)                                                      Germany
funding_body-caixa          La Caixa Foundation (CAIXA)                                                                            Spain
funding_body-cdti           Center for Industrial Technological Development (CDTI)                                                 Spain
funding_body-cea            Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA)                                                France
funding_body-cihr           Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR)                                                          Canada
funding_body-cncsis         National University Research Council (CNCSIS) - Romania                                                Romania
funding_body-cnes           National Centre for Space Studies (CNES)                                                               France
funding_body-cnpq           National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq)                                   Brazil
funding_body-cnr            National Research Council (CNR)                                                                        Italy
funding_body-cnrs           National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS)                                                         France
funding_body-csf            Croatian Science Foundation (CSF)                                                                      Croatia
funding_body-csic           Spanish National Research Council (CSIC)                                                               Spain
funding_body-dashe          Danish Agency for Science and Higher Education (DASHE)                                                 Denmark
funding_body-dasti          Danish Agency for Science, Technology and Innovation (DASTI)                                           Denmark
funding_body-ddf            The Danish Council for Independent Research (DDF)                                                      Denmark
funding_body-dff            Danish Council for Independent Research (DFF)                                                          Denmark
funding_body-dfg            German Research Foundation (DFG)                                                                       Germany
funding_body-dgo6           General Operational Directorate for Economy, Employment and Research (DGO6)                            Belgium
funding_body-dlr            German Aerospace Center (DLR)                                                                          Germany
funding_body-dnrf           Danish National Research Foundation (DNRF)                                                             Denmark
funding_body-eaer           Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research (EAER)                                  Switzerland
funding_body-ec             European Commission (EC)
funding_body-epsrc          Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC)                                             United Kingdom
funding_body-esa            European Space Agency (ESA)
funding_body-esrc           Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC)                                                            United Kingdom
funding_body-etag           Estonian Research Council (ETAG)                                                                       Estonia
funding_body-fapesp         SÃ£o Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)                                                                 Brazil
funding_body-fct            Foundation for Science and Technology (FCT)                                                            Portugal
funding_body-ffg            Austrian Research Promotion Agency (FFG)                                                               Austria
funding_body-fnp            Foundation for Polish Science (FNP)                                                                    Poland
funding_body-fnr            National Research Fund (FNR)                                                                           Luxembourg
funding_body-fnrs           Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique (FNRS)                                                     Belgium
funding_body-fom            Foundation for Fundamental Research on Matter (FOM)                                                    Netherlands
funding_body-forte          Swedish Research Council for Health, Working Life and Welfare (FORTE)                                  Sweden
funding_body-fts            Fritz Thyssen Foundation (FTS)                                                                         Germany
funding_body-fwf            Austrian Science Fund (FWF)                                                                            Austria
funding_body-fwo            Research Foundation Flanders (FWO)                                                                     Belgium
funding_body-gacr           Czech Science Foundation (GACR)                                                                        Czechia
funding_body-gsrt           General Secretariat for Research and Technology (GSRT)                                                 Greece
funding_body-ifd            Innovation Fund Denmark (IFD)                                                                          Denmark
funding_body-ifremer        French Research Institute for Exploitation of the Sea (IFREMER)                                        France
funding_body-imsr           Innovation Fund of the Ministry of Economy of the Slovak Republic (IMSR)                               Slovakia
funding_body-innoviris      Brussels Institute for Research and Innovation (INNOVIRIS)                                             Belgium
funding_body-inra           National institute of Agricultural Research (INRA)                                                     France
funding_body-inserm         National Institute of Health and Medical Research (INSERM)                                             France
funding_body-ipev           French Polar Institute (IPEV)                                                                          France
funding_body-irc            Irish Research Council (IRC)                                                                           Ireland
funding_body-isc            International Science Council (ISC)
funding_body-isciii         Carlos III Health Institute (ISCIII)                                                                   Spain
funding_body-isf            Israel Science Foundation (ISF)                                                                        Israel
funding_body-iwt            Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology (IWT)                                                  Belgium
funding_body-jsps           Japanese Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS)                                                   Japan
funding_body-jst            Japanese Science and Technology Agency (JST)                                                           Japan
funding_body-kaws           Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation (KAWS)                                                            Sweden
funding_body-kks            Knowledge Foundation (KKS)                                                                             Sweden
funding_body-lmt            Research Council of Lithuania (LMT)                                                                    Lithuania
funding_body-mcst           Malta Council for Science and Technology (MCST)                                                        Malta
funding_body-mecr           Ministry for Education and Scientific Research (MECR)                                                  Romania
funding_body-mesr           Ministry of Higher Education and Research (MESR)                                                       France
funding_body-mestd          Ministry of Education, Science and Technological Development of Republic of Serbia (MESTD)             Serbia
funding_body-meys           Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports of the Czech Republic (MEYS)                                   Czechia
funding_body-mgrt           Ministry for Economic Development and Technology (MGRT)                                                Slovenia
funding_body-mineco         Ministry for Economy and Competitveness (MINECO)                                                       Spain
funding_body-mistra         Swedish Foundation for Strategic Environmental Research (MISTRA)                                       Sweden
funding_body-mita           Agency for Science, Innovation and Technology (MITA)                                                   Lithuania
funding_body-miur           Ministry for Education, University and Research (MIUR)                                                 Italy
funding_body-most           Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China (MOST)                            China
funding_body-mpg            Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science (MPG)                                                Germany
funding_body-mrc            Medical Research Council (MRC)                                                                         United Kingdom
funding_body-mse            Ministry of Science and Education Republic of Croatia (MSE)                                            Croatia
funding_body-msvvas_sr      The Ministry of Education, Science, Research and Sports of the Slovak Republic (MSVVaS SR)             Slovakia
funding_body-nasa           National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)                                                   United States
funding_body-ncbir          National Centre for Research and Development (NCBiR)                                                   Poland
funding_body-ncn            National Science Center (NCN)                                                                          Poland
funding_body-nerc           Natural Environment Research Council (NERC)                                                            United Kingdom
funding_body-nhmrc          National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC)                                                   Australia
funding_body-nig            National Institutes of Health (NIG)                                                                    United States
funding_body-nkfia          National Research, Development and Innovation Fund (NKFIA)                                             Hungary
funding_body-nrf            National Research Foundation (NRF)                                                                     South Africa
funding_body-nserc          Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC)                                    Canada
funding_body-nsf            National Science Foundation (NSF)                                                                      United States
funding_body-nwo            Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO)                                                 Netherlands
funding_body-oeaw           Austrian Academy of Sciences (OeAW)                                                                    Austria
funding_body-oenfte         National Foundation for Research, Technology and Development (OeNFTE)                                  Austria
funding_body-onera          French National Aerospace Research Center (ONERA)                                                      France
funding_body-other          Other
funding_body-rannis         Icelandic Centre for Research (RANNIS)                                                                 Iceland
funding_body-rcn            Research Council of Norway (RCN)                                                                       Norway
funding_body-rcuk           Research Council UK (RCUK)                                                                             United Kingdom
funding_body-rj             The Swedish Foundation for Humanities and Social Sciences (RJ)                                         Sweden
funding_body-rpf            Research Promotion Foundation (RPF)                                                                    Cyprus
funding_body-sea            Swedish Energy Agency (SEA)                                                                            Sweden
funding_body-sepa           Swedish Environmental Protection Agency (SEPA)                                                         Sweden
funding_body-sfi            Science Foundation Ireland (SFI)                                                                       Ireland
funding_body-sgpi           Secretariat-General for Investment (SGPI)                                                              France
funding_body-snf            Swiss National Science Foundation (SNF)                                                                Switzerland
funding_body-snsb           Swedish National Space Board (SNSB)                                                                    Sweden
funding_body-srcf           Swedish Reseach Council Formas (SRCF)                                                                  Sweden
funding_body-srsa           Swedish Radiation Safety Authority (SRSA)                                                              Sweden
funding_body-ssf            Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research (SSF)                                                        Sweden
funding_body-sshrc          Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC)                                                Canada
funding_body-stfc           Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC)                                                       United Kingdom
funding_body-stw            Technology Foundation (STW)                                                                            Netherlands
funding_body-tacr           Technology Agency of the Czech Republic (TACR)                                                         Czechia
funding_body-tara           Tara Expeditions Foundation (TARA)                                                                     France
funding_body-tekes          Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation (TEKES)                                           Finland
funding_body-tubitak        Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TUBITAK)                                      Turkey
funding_body-uefiscdi_cncs  Executive Agency for Higher Education, Research, Development and Innovation Funding (UEFISCDI - CNCS)  Romania
funding_body-ukri           UK Research and Innovation (UKRI)                                                                      United Kingdom
funding_body-vega           Scientific Grant Agency (VEGA)                                                                         Slovakia
funding_body-viaa           State Education Development Agency (VIAA)                                                              Latvia
funding_body-vinnova        Swedish Governmental Agency for Innovation Systems (VINNOVA)                                           Sweden
funding_body-vlaio          Flanders Innovation & Entrepeneurship (VLAIO)                                                          Belgium
funding_body-vr             Swedish Research Council (VR)                                                                          Sweden
funding_body-vs             Volkswagen Foundation (VS)                                                                             Germany
funding_body-wt             Wellcome trust (WT)                                                                                    United Kingdom
funding_body-wwtf           Vienna Science and Technology Fund (WWTF)                                                              Austria
==========================  =====================================================================================================  ==============