.. _scientific_domain:

Scientific domain
=================

.. table::
   :class: datatable

   =========================  =====================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================  =============================================  ==========
   Name                       Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ID                                             ParentID
   =========================  =====================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================  =============================================  ==========
   Agricultural Sciences      Sciences dealing with food and fibre production and processing. They include the technologies of soil cultivation, crop cultivation and harvesting, animal production, and the processing of plant and animal products for human consumption and use.  scientific_domain-agricultural_sciences
   Engineering & Technology   The application of science and mathematics by which the properties of matter and the sources of energy in nature are made useful to people.                                                                                                            scientific_domain-engineering_and_technology
   Generic                    Generic, Not targetting a specific domain.                                                                                                                                                                                                             scientific_domain-generic
   Humanities                 The branches of learning that investigate human constructs and concerns as opposed to natural processes (as in physics or chemistry) and social relations (as in anthropology or economics).                                                           scientific_domain-humanities
   Medical & Health Sciences  The science of dealing with the maintenance of health and the prevention and treatment of disease.                                                                                                                                                     scientific_domain-medical_and_health_sciences
   Natural Sciences           Any of the sciences (such as physics, chemistry, or biology) that deal with matter, energy, and their interrelations and transformations or with objectively measurable phenomena.                                                                     scientific_domain-natural_sciences
   Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             scientific_domain-other
   Social Sciences            A branch of science that deals with the institutions and functioning of human society and with the interpersonal relationships of individuals as members of society.                                                                                   scientific_domain-social_sciences
   =========================  =====================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================  =============================================  ==========