.. _subcategory:

SUBCATEGORY
===========

========================================================================================================  ==================================  =============
ID                                                                                                        Name                                Description
========================================================================================================  ==================================  =============
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-container_management                             Container Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-job_execution                                    Job Execution
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-orchestration                                    Orchestration
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-other                                            Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-serverless_applications_repository               Serverless Applications Repository
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-virtual_machine_management                       Virtual Machine Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-workload_management                              Workload Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-archive                                     Archive
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-backup                                      Backup
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-data                                        Data
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-digital_preservation                        Digital Preservation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-disk                                        Disk
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-file                                        File
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-online                                      Online
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-other                                       Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-queue                                       Queue
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-recovery                                    Recovery
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-replicated                                  Replicated
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-synchronised                                Synchronised
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-chromatographer                 Chromatographer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-cytometer                       Cytometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-digitisation_equipment          Digitisation Equipment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-geophysical                     Geophysical
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-laser                           Laser
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-microscopy                      Microscopy
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-monument_maintenance_equipment  Monument Maintenance Equipment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-other                           Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-radiation                       Radiation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-spectrometer                    Spectrometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-spectrophotometer               Spectrophotometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-archiving                               Archiving
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-assembly                                Assembly
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-disposal                                Disposal
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-fulfilment                              Fulfilment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-other                                   Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-packaging                               Packaging
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-preservation                            Preservation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-quality_inspecting                      Quality Inspecting
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-repository                              Repository
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-reworking                               Reworking
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-sorting                                 Sorting
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-warehousing                             Warehousing
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-content_delivery_network                         Content Delivery Network
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-direct_connect                                   Direct Connect
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-dns                                              DNS
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-exchange                                         Exchange
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-load_balancer                                    Load Balancer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-other                                            Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-traffic_manager                                  Traffic Manager
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-virtual_nework                                   Virtual Network
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-vpn_gateway                                      VPN Gateway
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-applications                          Applications
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-data                                  Data
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-other                                 Other
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-services                              Services
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-software                              Software
subcategory-other-other-other                                                                             Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-2d_3d_digitisation                                      2D/3D Digitisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-artificial_intelligence                                 Artificial Intelligence
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-data_extrapolation                                      Data Extrapolation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-forecast                                                Forecast
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-image_data_analysis                                     Image/Data Analysis
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-machine_learning                                        Machine Learning
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-other                                                   Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-quality_assesment                                       Quality Assesment
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-visualization                                           Visualization
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-workflows                                               Workflows
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-access                                                Access
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-annotation                                            Annotation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-anonymisation                                         Anonymisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-brokering                                             Brokering
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-digitisation                                          Digitisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-discovery                                             Discovery
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-embargo                                               Embargo
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-interlinking                                          Interlinking
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-maintenance                                           Maintenance
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-mining                                                Mining
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-other                                                 Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-persistent_identifier                                 Persistent Identifier
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-preservation                                          Preservation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-publishing                                            Publishing
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-registration                                          Registration
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-transfer                                              Transfer
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-validation                                            Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-analysis                           Analysis
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-characterisation                   Characterisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-maintenance_and_modification       Maintenance & Modification
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-other                              Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-production                         Production
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-testing_and_validation             TEsting & Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-validation                         Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-workflows                          Workflows
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-accounting          Accounting
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-analysis            Analysis
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-billing             Billing
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-configuration       Configuration
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-coordination        Coordination
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-helpdesk            Helpdesk
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-monitoring          Monitoring
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-order_management    Order Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-other               Other
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-transportation      Transportation
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-utilities           Utilities
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-certification_authority                         Certification Authority
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-coordination                                    Coordination
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-firewall                                        Firewall
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-group_management                                Group Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-identity_and_access_management                  Identity & Access Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-other                                           Other
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-single_sign_on                                  Single Sign-On
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-threat_protection                               Threat Protection
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-tools                                           Tools
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-user_authentication                             User Authentication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-applications_repository                                    Applications Repository
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-business                                                   Business
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-collaboration                                              Collaboration
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-communication                                              Communication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-education                                                  Education
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-other                                                      Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-productivity                                               Productivity
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-social_networking                                          Social/Networking
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-utilities                                                  Utilities
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-clinical_trial_data                                                Clinical Trial Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-data_archives                                                      Data Archives
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-epidemiological_data                                               Epidemiological Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-government_and_agency_data                                         Government & Agency Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-metadata                                                           Metadata
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-online_service_data                                                Online Service Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-other                                                              Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-scientific_research_data                                           Scientific/Research Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-statistical_data                                                   Statistical Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-apis_repository_gateway                           APIs Repository/Gateway
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-developer_tools                                   Developer Tools
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-other                                             Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-simulation_tools                                  Simulation Tools
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-software_development_kits                         Software Development Kits
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-software_libraries                                Software Libraries
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-biological_samples                                              Biological Samples
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-characterisation                                                Characterisation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-chemical_compounds_library                                      Chemical Compounds Library
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-other                                                           Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-preparation                                                     Preparation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-analysis                                        Analysis
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-assessment                                      Assessment
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-discovery                                       Discovery
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-other                                           Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-outreach                                        Outreach
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-preparation                                     Preparation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-publication                                     Publication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-writing                                         Writing
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-libraries                                                      Libraries
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-other                                                          Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-platform                                                       Platform
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-software_package                                               Software Package
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-software_repository                                            Software Repository
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_optimisation                         Application Optimisation
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_porting                              Application_Porting
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_scaling                              Application Scaling
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-audit_and_assessment                             Audit & Assessment
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-benchmarking                                     Benchmarking
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-calibration                                      Calibration
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-certification                                    Certification
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-consulting                                       Consulting
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-methodology_development                          Methodology Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-modeling_and_simulation                          Modeling & Simulation
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-other                                            Other
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-prototype_development                            Prototype Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-software_development                             Software Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-software_improvement                             Software Improvement
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-technology_transfer                              Technology Transfer
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-testing                                          Testing
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-in_house_courses                                  In-House Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-online_courses                                    Online Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-open_registration_courses                         Open Registration Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-other                                             Other
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-related_training                                  Related Training
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-required_training                                 Required Training
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-training_platform                                 Training Platform
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-training_tool                                     Training Tool
========================================================================================================  ==================================  =============