.. _target_user:

TARGET USER
===========

============================================  ================================  ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
ID                                            Name                              Description
============================================  ================================  ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
target_user-businesses                        Businesses                        An organization or economic system where goods and services are exchanged for one another or for money. Businesses can be privately owned, not-for-profit or state-owned.
target_user-funders                           Funders                           Individual or organization financing a part or all of a project's cost as a grant, investment, or loan.
target_user-innovators                        Innovators                        The group which is the first to try new ideas, processes, goods and services. Innovators are followed by early adopters, early majority, late majority, and laggards, in that order.
target_user-other                             Other                             null
target_user-policy_makers                     Policy Makers                     Individuals (usually members of the board of directors) who have the authority to set the policy framework of an organization.
target_user-providers                         Providers                         A Provider is an organisation that provides different kind of solutions and/or services or other Resources to end users and other organizations. This broad term incorporates all businesses and organisations that provide products and solutions that are offered for free, on-demand, pay per use or a hybrid delivery model.
target_user-publishers                        Publishers
target_user-research_communities              Research Communities              Research communities provide an infrastructure through which scientists of discipline-specific scientific areas are able to advance their research goals, reaching out to other researchers.
target_user-research_groups                   Research Groups                   A research group is a group of researchers working together on a particular issue or topic. Research groups may be composed of researchers all from the same subject/discipline or from different subjects/disciplines.
target_user-research_infrastructure_managers  Research Infrastructure Managers  A RI Manager is a type of Project Coordinator who specializes in research infrastructures. They are responsible for things like managing researchers, making sure costs are on budget and serving as a liaison between reserach staff and project stakeholders.
target_user-research_managers                 Research Managers                 Someone in an organization whose job is to manage a research initiative aiming to the development of new scientific results, products or ideas.
target_user-research_networks                 Research Networks                 Research networks aim to stimulate interaction between researchers and promote information exchange.
target_user-research_organisations            Research Organisations            A public or private legal entity (e.g. academia, business, industry, public services, etc.) representing the User.
target_user-research_projects                 Research Projects                 A privately or publicly funded project on a research topic.
target_user-researchers                       Researchers                       Someone who conducts scientific research, i.e., an organized and systematic investigation by using scientific methods.
target_user-resource_managers                 Resource Managers                 Resource Managers are typically responsible for managing Service level agreements with customers and external Providers.
target_user-resource_provider_managers        Provider Managers                 A Provider Manager is an individual within an organisation that is responsible for the quality of the Resources provided and monitors the delivery of the Resource.
target_user-students                          Students                          A person who is studying at a university or other place of higher education.
============================================  ================================  ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================